
=pod

=head1 NAME

	openca-ocspd - OCSP Daemon

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<openca-ocspd>
[B<-c file>]
[B<-d>]
[B<-r chroot_dir>]
[B<-k pwd>]
[B<-debug>]
[B<-testmode>]
[B<-stdout>]
[B<-v>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<openca-ocspd> is an RFC2560 compliant OCSPD responder. It can
be used to verify the status of a certificate using OCSP clients
(such as Mozilla/Netscape7).

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-d>

detach the main process from the calling process.

=item B<-p n>

specifies the port to bind to. Default is 2560.

=item B<-b address>

specifies the IP address to bind to. Default behaviour is to listen
to every IP available (equal to '*' value).

=item B<-c file>

specifies the configuration file to be loaded. Default file loaded
is B</usr/etc/ocspd/ocspd.xml>.

=item B<-d>

Run as Daemon (detach from the current console)

=item B<-r chroot_dir>

Chroot the application into the specified directory.

=item B<-k pwd>

Password used to protect the private key (if any)

=item B<-debug>

Debug Mode (kills process after the first request)

=item B(-testmode)

Use test mode (wrong signatures with 1st bit flipped)

=item B(-stdout)

Route all logging messages to stdout

=item B<-v>

Verbose output (prints extra details about the operations being performed)

=back

=head1 NOTES

=over 4

Actually not extensive testing has been carried out, anyway this daemon
is reported to work with Mozilla/Netscape.

To reload the certificate's db simply send a SIGHUP to the main process
( kill -s SIGHUP pid ).

=back

=head1 EXAMPLE

=over 4

	openca-ocspd -c /usr/erc/ocspd/ocspd.xml

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

=over 4

Massimiliano Pala <madwolf@openca.org>

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

L<openca(3)>,L<openssl(1)>, L<ocsp(1)>

=cut


